This is how we left our application at the end of last module. Now by the end of this module, it still
looks the same but under the hood a lot changed. If I reload,
now it works offline but even on a different page, we either get that fallback or if we've been on that page
already
like now, if I now go offline again,
hey there it is.
So what we added is dynamic caching and in general in this module,
we'll have a look at loads of caching strategies you can use,
of course will also implement them all.
Therefore our service worker file continues to grow and you will learn how you can not just pre-cache
some assets during installation and serve them when requested but you'll learn how you can dynamically
add items to the cache as the user fetches them automatically when navigating around in your app and
you will learn about different strategies of serving them when offline because there's more than one
way of doing that.
So let's dive into that and
let's have a look at these advanced caching strategies and let's learn how we can dynamically add items
to the cache.